feat: Initial GCP module version (MINOR) (#1)
elastiflow/terraform-google-ef-collector: modules/pubsub/README.md

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Examples](#examples)
  - [All in one project](#all-in-one-project)
  - [Two projects](#two-projects)
  - [Three projects](#three-projects)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Providers](#providers)
- [Modules](#modules)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Inputs](#inputs)
- [Outputs](#outputs)

## Overview

This terraform module is used to configure [GCP flow logs](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/flow-logs) exports from Cloud Logging to a [PubSub topic](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/export/configure_export_v2#overview) to be consumed by ElastiFlow Collector

> This module allows you to provision GCP resources in both simple (all resources in a single project) and distributed (multiple logging sinks, single topic) ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows you to provision GCP resources using simple (all resources in a single project) and distributed (multiple logging sinks, single topic) methods.
```

  providers = {
    google = google.collector
  }

  project_id = data.google_project.collector.project_id
  pubsub_topic_iam_members = [
    # Allow another-flow-src logging identity to publish to the topic
    { member = "serviceAccount:service-984014891511@gcp-sa-logging.iam.gserviceaccount.com", role = "roles/pubsub.publisher" },
  ]
}

module "another_flow_src" {
  source  = "elastiflow/tf-module-ef-collector-gcp//pubsub"
  version = "~> 0.1"

  providers = {
    google = google.another-flow-src
  }

  project_id = data.google_project.another_flow_src.project_id
  pubsub_topic = {
    create     = false
    project_id = data.google_project.collector.project_id
  }
}
```

### Three projects

This example covers the use-case of a single Pub/Sub topic, N+1 Cloud Logging sinks, and a collector service account in a separate project.

Resources provisioned:

- "collector-auth" project contains:
  - ElastiFlow Collector service account
- "collector-topic" project contains:
  - PubSub topic
  - Cloud Logging sink for this project
- "another-flow-src" project contains:
  - Cloud Logging sink for this project with destination set to the "collector" PubSub topic

It may be useful when:

> - ElastiFlow Collector is deployed outside of the GCP, requires Service Account private key for authentication purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ElastiFlow Collector is deployed outside of the GCP and requires a Service Account private key for authentication purposes
```

> - GCP Organization policy prevents creating the private key for the Service Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A GCP Organization policy prevents creating the private key for the Service Account
```

> - Exception can be made for a particular GCP project that holds Service Accounts with private keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An exception can be made for a particular GCP project that holds Service Accounts with private keys
```

  provider = google.collector-auth

  project      = data.google_project.collector_auth.project_id
  account_id   = "ef-collector"
  display_name = "ef-collector"

  description = "Service account for the ElastiFlow Collector"
}

module "collector_topic" {
  source  = "elastiflow/ef-collector/google//pubsub"
  version = "~> 0.1"

  providers = {
    google = google.collector-topic
  }

  project_id = data.google_project.collector_topic.project_id
  pubsub_topic_iam_members = {
    another_flow_src = { member = module.another_flow_src.writer_identity, role = "roles/pubsub.publisher" },
  }

  pubsub_topic_subscription_iam_members = {
    collector_subscriber = { member = google_service_account.collector.member, role = "roles/pubsub.subscriber" },
  }

  collector_service_account = {
    create = false
  }
}

module "another_flow_src" {
  source  = "elastiflow/ef-collector/google//pubsub"
  version = "~> 0.1"

  providers = {
    google = google.another-flow-src
  }

  project_id = data.google_project.another_flow_src.project_id
  pubsub_topic = {
    create     = false
    project_id = data.google_project.collector_topic.project_id
  }
}
```

## Tests

> In order to run the tests please copy the `**/vars.auto.tfvars.sample` and fill with proper values, than run `make test-integration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests, please copy the `**/vars.auto.tfvars.sample` and fill it with proper values, then run `make test-integration`
```
